Organization descriptions 

Student Government 
 El Consejo Atenista 
Context: 
El Consejo Atenista is the college supreme student government of the Ateneo de Zamboanga University and shall be the sole, unified, and democratic representative body of its constituents. All of its powers emanate immediately from and belong ultimately to the Ateneo collegstudentry. Such powers are exercised through the governing bodies instituted in this Constitution.
Section 2. El Consejo Atenista is founded upon the following guiding principles: (a) Ignatian leadership; (b) student representation; (c) participatory democracy; (d) accountability; and (e) efficient and effective relevant service. 4 Section 3. Ignatian leadership El Consejo Atenista aims to exemplify the Ignatian values instilled by the Ateneo through good governance. As a student government in a Catholic, Jesuit institution, it shall embody the values, namely: (a) Magis, (b) Cura Personalis, (c) Contemplative In Action, (d) Social Involvement, (e) Discernment, (f) Animo, and (g) Excellence. It shall strive to efficiently render service to its constituents, as well as to be connected to the outside community, as men and women for others.

Academic Organizations 
Accountancy Academic Organization 
Context: 
Official academic organization for BS Accountancy students.
Link: https://www.facebook.com/AAOArdentTigers 
Education Academic Organization 
Context: 
Official academic organization for education students 
Link: https://www.facebook.com/adzueao 
Management Academic Organization 
Context: 
Official academic organization for students of management-related courses students 
Link: https://www.facebook.com/AdZUMAOLIONS 
 Science, Information Technology, and Engineering Academic Organization
 Context:
Official academic organization for Science, Information Technology, and Engineering students. 
Link: https://www.facebook.com/adzusiteao 



Nursing Academic Organization 
Context:
Official academic organization for nursing students  
Link: https://www.facebook.com/NsgAngels 
Liberal Arts Academic Organization 
Context: 
Official academic organization for liberal arts students. 
Link: https://www.facebook.com/adzulaao 

Culture Arts and Multimedia 
Ateneo Blue Vigors 
Context: The Ateneo Blue Vigors is an accredited and the official dance organization of Ateneo de Zamboanga 
Link: https://www.facebook.com/ateneobluevigor 
Ateneo Music Club 
Context: The Ateneo Music Club aims to connect fellow music enthusiasts to collaborate with each other, openly share ideas, and enhance individual skills. 
Link: https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=61552065752807 
Ateneo Eagle Pep Squad 
Context: The Official Cheerleading team of the Ateneo de Zamboanga University 
Link https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=61563191549045 
Teatro Ateneo de Zamboanga 
Context: A student organization focused on theater and performance arts
Link: https://www.facebook.com/AdZUTeatro 
Ateneo Art Company 
Context: The Ateneo Art Company - AdZU also known as ArtCo - AdZU, is an art organization from Ateneo de Zamboanga University. It is a recognized chapter of the original Ateneo Art Company founded at Ateneo de Davao University (AdDU).
ArtCO - AdZU is a student-led organization that aims to promote artistic expression, enhance cultural awareness, support artistic development and to build engagement within the Ateneo community. The organization conducts workshops, art exhibits, collaborative projects, and events to enrich the creative skills and knowledge of its members.
As a part of its objective, ArtCo aims to engage with the local art scene, build connections with other institutions, and advocate for art in education. The organization welcomes students from all backgrounds and skill levels who are interested in exploring and practicing visual arts.
Link: https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=61576945077566 
Imaje 
Context: We are a creative sub-organization under the Science, Information Technology, and Engineering - Academic Organization (SITEAO), representing the Bachelor of Science in New Media and Computer Animation (BSNMCA) program.
IMAJE is a student-led guild that brings imagination to life through various forms of visual storytelling - from sketching, graphic design, photography, filming, 3D animation, and digital media.
Link: https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=61577791775990 

Socio Civic and Political Cluster 

SADAQAH
Context: Service for Actual Development and Quick Action for Hope, "SADAQAH" is an Arabic term that translates to charity or giving which co-incides with the intention of the program to provide necessary help to the communities. All initiatives that revolve around the issues on literacy or ed-ucation, health and wellness, and mental health can be included under this program as it is aligned with the essence of the program which is to provide "service for actual development and quick action for help" 
Link: https://www.facebook.com/sadaqahadzu 
El Fluente PH 
Context: El Fuente PH focuses on youth empowerment that aims to amplify the voices of the youth to engage in different activities that will impact change to the society. The organization will continue to serve and live up to its mission because of this milestone! 
Link: https://www.facebook.com/elfuenteph/photos 
AdZU Red Cross Council 
Context: Ateneo De Zamboanga University - College Red Cross Youth Council (ADZU - CRCYC) stands as a vibrant platform for those who aspire to make a real impact in their community. As the youth arm of the Philippine Red Cross, ADZU - CRCYC is dedicated to promoting volunteerism, humanitarian values, and active engagement in social service. 
As one of the school-based councils of the Red Cross Youth in the Philippine Red Cross's Zamboanga Chapter, we are driven by the shared mission of making a positive impact on the lives of those in need. Our journey is marked by empathy, resilience, and a passion for community welfare.
Link: https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100095575895897  
Laz Bellezas 
Context: Our mission is to educate, advocate, and empower.
We are committed to raising awareness about gender issues within our university community and beyond. Through education and advocacy, we aim to challenge existing gender norms and promote inclusive policies. We seek to empower our peers to become agents of change, fostering a campus culture that values equality and respect. By extending our efforts beyond the university, we strive to contribute to broader societal transformation towards gender equality and women's empowerment.
Link: 
La Liga Historia Zamboangueña
Context: LLHZ-AdZU, are a history-driven society of the higher education unit of AdZU, where stories of Zamboanga and its neighboring communities come alive through research and dialogue. We are not just studying the past, but we are also using it to shape identity, inspire pride, and spark meaningful change. From preserving culture to tackling today’s issues through a historical lens, we are here to make history matter. 
Link:  https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=61576886223702 
Students Taking Action for New Directions
Context: A service organization built by students, for students, with a purpose that goes beyond the campus. 
Link: https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=61578816240635 
Indigenous Peoples’ Alliance for Development in Zamboanga - IPAdZ 
Context: the Indigenous People's Rights Movement! It solidifies IPADz's vital role in championing the welfare, promoting the culture, and pushing for the development of our indigenous brothers and sisters across the region. Their mission is truly at the heart of what we believe in as an ADZU community. 
Link: https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=61578016242276 
Solidarity of leaders
Context:
Link: 
Legal Management Society 
Context:
Link: 
Junior Institute of Electronics Engineers of the Philippines- ADZU Chapter 
Context: Official academi organizations specifically for electronics engineers 
Link: https://www.facebook.com/JIECEPADZUChapter 
Samahang Pilosopiya ng Ateneo
Context: Official co-curricular organization of BA-PHILO major in ADZU. 
Link: https://www.facebook.com/ateneo.spa 
 Junior Philippine Institute of Accountants 
Context: The Junior Philippine Institute of Accountants - Ateneo de Zamboanga University, abbreviated as JPIA-AdZU, is a local organization of students majoring in Accounting and Accounting-related courses in Ateneo de Zamboanga University and one of the 13 Local Chapters under the NFJPIA - Western Mindanao Council in Region IX. It is an affiliate of the National Federation of Junior Philippine Institute of Accountants (NFJPIA)-the only legitimate student organization counterpart of the Philippine Institute of Certified Public Accountants (PICPA) 
Link: https://www.facebook.com/JPIA.AdZULocalChapter 
Information Security Students Organization  
The Information Security Students Organization envisions a safe and sect digital environment for all students, staff, and teachers at Atenec Zamboanga University. We aspire to be a recognized leader in cyber security within the Ateneo de Zamboanga University and the larger community, and to develop a generation of digitally savvy individuals who are equipped to confront and mitigate the evolving cyber risks of the modern world. By fostering a culture of cyber awareness, resilience, and ethical conduct, we aspire to contribute to a safer digital society, where individuals, organizations, and communities can thrive without fear of cyber threats. 
Link: https://www.facebook.com/issoadzu0/photos 
FabriCreate 
Context: FABRICREATE IS AN ORGANIZATION WHERE STUDENTS CAN EXPLORE AND DEVELOP THEIR SKILLS IN DIGITAL FABRICATION. WE ARE COMMITTED TO EQUIPPING STUDENTS WITH THE TOOLS, KNOWLEDGE, AND SKILLS THAT THEY NEED TO CREATE INNOVATIVE PROJECTS AND DESIGN. THROUGH HANDS-ON WORKSHOPS, SEMINARS, AND COLLABORATIVE PROJECTS, WE FOCUS ON BUILDING TECHNICAL PROFICIENCY, FOSTERING LEADERSHIP, AND NURTURING A STRONG COMMUNITY.
Link: https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=61551490432721&sk=photos 
International Studies Organization 
Context: International Studies Organization of Ateneo— the home organization for students studying BA International Studies at Ateneo de Zamboanga University.
Link: https://www.facebook.com/intsisoa 
Junior Institute for Marketing Association - Ateneo de Zamboanga University 
Context: the Junior Institute for Marketing Association - Ateneo de Zamboanga University (JMA-AdZU) aims to empower future marketers to excel in both local and international markets. As we embark on a journey filled with boundless opportunities, we are committed to enhancing innovation and strategic thinking to help shape a bolder and better world.
Link: https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=61578253216803 





​​ Biomedical Engineering Network of Integrated Clinical Sciences
Context: The Biomedical Engineering Network of Integrated Clinical Sciences (BIONICS) — the home organization for students studying the Bachelor of Science in Biomedical Engineering Program at Ateneo de Zamboanga University.
Link: https://www.facebook.com/AdZUBIONICS 
Association of BSE Centennial Scholars 
Context: Association of Bachelors
of Science in Education Centennial Scholars, imploring the aid of the Almighty God in order to build a Society that will promote, protect and preserve our rights and interest as scholars of the Ateneo de Zamboanga University, promote humility between ourselves, other scholars and non-scholars, conserve and develop the Atenean spirit of Excellence, Spirituality, and Citizenship, and secure to ourselves our inherent democratic right to establish a democratic organization for scholars.
Link: https://www.facebook.com/abcs.adzu/photos 
Ateneo Informatics Computing Guild 
Context: That's us! The Ateneo Informatics and Computing Guild (AICG) is the official course based organization for students under BS Information Technology (IT), BS Computer Science (CS), and BS New Media and Computer Animation (NMCA) at Ateneo de Zamboanga University.
AICG was formed to represent, support, and bring together students in fields of computing, information systems, and digital arts. Through various initiatives, the guild fosters a sense of community, promotes academic growth, and encourages innovation among its members.
Whether you're passionate about coding, animating, or anything in between, AICG is here to help you grow and make the most of your college journey.
Link: https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=61572308169719 
ADZU Ignatian Civil Engineering Students Organization 
Context: The Ateneo de Zamboanga University Institute of Civil Engineering Students commits itself to be the epitome of the civil engineering students of AdZU, nurturing their development through: (1) the immersion of fellow students in the profession of civil engineering through the organization and its activities; (2) the promotion of academic excellence and integrity in performance; (3) the establishment of interconnections within and outside the organization, and; (4) the incorporation of Ignatian values into the profession of civil engineering, molding students to be good Ignatian civil engineers of Ateneo de Zamboanga University.
Link: https://www.facebook.com/adzuices 



Ateneo Biological Society
Context: the community that ensures to maintain the diversity of interconnectedness-continues to stand firm throughout the years with today's Biology as its backbone of continuous amenity, from the natural sphere to the elements that surround and shape it. Moulded to aspire and encourage the masses with knowledge of ABS that nurtures the natural world's trajectory. This society of biologists is united not solely by the academic program that assembles them, but also by the vibrant community it developed within Ateneo de Zamboanga University. This society is a heart that pulsates with a roots' complexity, flourishing into measured steps of reflection before the planet floats beyond the reach of our hands. Bound through the ardor of each biology student, may this heart and shared passion forge lasting bonds beyond. Hand in hand, let this be an experience akin to a flipping book with new chapters; where opportunities in life are centered, that build a fruitful influence on the vast scenery before us.
Link: https://www.facebook.com/AteneoBioSociety 
Society of Ateneo Scholars 
Context: The official student organization of the Scholars of the Ateneo de Zamboanga University. 
Link: https://www.facebook.com/SocietyOfAteneoScholars 


Envrioemntal Cluster 
The Ecowatch Organization - Ateneo de Zamboanga University 
Context: A passionate community that promotes environmental awareness and conservation. Driven by the spirit of Magis, and Ignatian Values, we envision a future where individuals are committed sustainability advocates, forging a legacy for future generations. 
Link: https://www.facebook.com/ecowatchadzu 
Safepaws 
Context: SAFEPAWS is a student-led animal welfare organization committed to protecting and caring for our furry friends. Join us in making a difference!
Link: https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=61563775959610 



Public and Communications Cluster 
Ateneo Debate Union 
Context: The sole and official debate varsity organization of the Ateneo de Zamboanga University, since 1997. 
Link: https://www.facebook.com/ateneodebateunion 
The Beacon Publications 
Context: The BEACON Publications is the official student publication of the Ateneo de Zamboanga University - Higher Education Unit. 
Link: https://www.facebook.com/BeaconOfficial 


Faith and formation cluster 
CFC Youth For Christ - ADZU Campus Based 
Context: 
Link: https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=61550069305588 
Every Nation Campus 
Context: A community of students that empowers students for LIFE—Leadership, Integrity, Faith, and Excellence. 
Link: https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=61578812772584 
Society of the Knights of Ignatius - ADZU College 
Context: SKI is the official organization of altar servers of the Ateneo de Zamboanga University. 
Link: https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100085256014063 
Psalm AdZU 
Context: 
Link:  
Muslim Students Association - Ateneo de Zamboanga University 
Context: 
The Muslim Student Association - Ateneo de Zamboanga University (MSA-AdZU) is the only officially recognized Muslim youth organization at our prestigious Jesuit Institution. It is a dynamic community committed to peaceful promoting voluntarism. harmony. and connections among Muslim students. MSA provides a safe haven for Muslim students to freely express their faith.
It serves as a beacon of understanding and cooperation. encouraging the Muslim Ummah to reinforce the connection with other MSAs in the city and nationwide for the Glory of Allah (swt).
Link: https://www.facebook.com/msaadzu 
Christian Life Community - Ateneo de Zamboanga University 
Context: WHAT IS CLC?
The Christian Life Community (CLC) is a religious organization under the auspice of Alliance Religious Organizations (ARO) of the Ateneo de Zamboanga University. We are composed of Christians, men and women, with similar ideals to pray and worship together, and bear witness to Christ in attitudes, words and actions. CLC Spirituality is centered in Christ with the Spiritual Exercises of St Ignatius of Loyola as a main source that focuses on the three pillars: building commu-nity, deepening and strengthening spirituality, and serving others through apostolate.
Link: https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=61551053695948&sk=photos 
ALECS AdZU 
Context: 
Link: 
Ateneo Catechetical Instruction League ADZU 
Context: 
Link: https://www.facebook.com/adzuacil 
Ateneo Liturgical Society
Context: 
Link: https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=61578927987749 

G. Sports and Recreation cluster 
Judo 
Context: 
Link: 

Business Organization
Developing Entrepreneur Ateneo League	
Context: 
Link: https://www.facebook.com/photo?fbid=122103209150965159&set=a.122100667328965159 

Sociocivic and political cluster 
Youth Alliance for Human Rights Ateneo - YAHRA 
Context: The Youth Alliance for human Rights Ateneo aims to champion the welfare of the filipino people, represent the underdogs of the community, effectively advocate and emphasize the importance of Human Rights. 
Link: https://www.facebook.com/yahrateneo 
USAD Ateneo de Zamboanga 
Context: The premier, social-democratic student-led political party-organization in AdZU since 2014. 
Link: https://www.facebook.com/USADAdZU 
Junior Jaycees Chamber - AdZU 
Context: Junior Jaycees Chamber - Ateneo de Zamboanga University Chapter is an affiliate of the PHILIPPINE JUNIOR JAYCEES, INC. (PJJCI) and the JUNIOR CHAMBER INTERNATIONAL PHILIPPINES (JCIP) that aims to develop the individual abilities and stimulate joint effort of the youth to act in accordance with the Ignatian values for the purpose of improving the physical, moral, spiritual, cultural and social well-being of mankind.
Link: https://www.facebook.com/jjcateneo 
Foundation of Ateneo Student Tutors 
Contex: A collective group of talents that are willing to impart their skills for the improvement of the human person. 
Link: https://www.facebook.com/FASTAdZU 
Ateneo Peers' Circle 
Context: Peers’ Circle – ADZU is the official student peer group of the College Guidance and Counseling Office (@AdZUCGCO20) 
Link: https://www.facebook.com/adzupeerscircle 
Students' Initiative for Nationalist Approach in Governance - ADZU 
Context: SINAG is the sole Nationalist-Democratic political party in Ateneo de Zamboanga University (AdZU) that aims to advance the politics of the students and the school. It gives primacy to the promotion of genuine politics among the students. It recognizes the collective will of the students to effect social change and genuine progress in Philippine society.
Link: https://www.facebook.com/SINAGAdZU 
Google Developer Groups On Campus Blue Eagle 
The Google Developer Groups On Campus Ateneo de Zamboanga University Chapter, an accredited organization powered by Google Developers, believes great ideas can emerge from any corner, even where opportunities are limited. 
Link: https://www.facebook.com/gdgocblueeagle 
